# Personal Introduction
Hi, my name is **KB.Liao**. I'm from Taipei, Taiwan. I graduated from [National United University](https://goo.gl/ywA2cZ) in 2012, then I took a course which was relevant to Java Engineer in [Institute for Information Industry](https://web.iii.org.tw) and I accomplished the training in 2014. Now I'm a **Java** Application Engineer in Digital Data & Technology of [Cathay Financial Holdings](https://goo.gl/PyTTJt), my duty is to maintain our mobile banking system and optimize performance based on our issues.

I have 4+ years commercial Java development experience, 2+ years Scrum project experience, 1 year and 4 months Java development team leader experience. I'm familiar with **Java(8)**, **Spring**, **Hibernate**, **Maven**, **Git** these standard abilities of Java Engineer, I also have experience of using Angular to build a SPA website. Moreover, I have good comprehension, strong communication skills and ability to collaborate with teams.  

I really like my occupation, immerse in programming, enjoy the processes of resolving problem. I've dedicated my best efforts in learning new software skills for a long time and try to use them in proper project to prove the feasibility of knowledge. The most important experience in my career is to build a **cache system** over a custom design which was implemented by **Spring AOP** and annotation when I worked at Taishin Bank, I improved their **performance** of EAI about **30 percent**.  

If I could have an opportunity to work at Multinational Corporation, I would appreciate that and I'll do my best on my new position. I'm ready for your challenge.
